

                               EMIPLIB README 
			           (0.9.0)


1. INTRODUCTION

The name EMIPLIB means 'EDM Media over IP libray'. This library was developed 
at the Expertise Centre for Digital Media (EDM) (http://www.edm.uhasselt.be), 
a research institute of the Hasselt University (http://www.uhasselt.be). As 
the name suggests the goal of the library is to make it easier to stream 
several kinds of media, including (but not limited to) audio and video. For
more detailed information about the library, please refer to the library 
documentation.

2. LICENSE

The license that applies to the library is the LGPL. However, it is possible 
to specify that you wish to use GPL licensed components as well, which then 
causes the GPL to apply to the entire library. The license texts of these 
two licenses can be found in the files LICENSE.LGPL and LICENSE.GPL of the 
source code archive.

Note that when creating an application, you have to take the licenses of 
other libraries into account too. For example, if your application uses the 
Qt component and you accepted the GPL license for the Qt library, linking 
with the Qt library requires your application to be GPL too. Similarly, if 
your version of libavcodec was compiled as a GPL library, using the 
libavcodec component of emiplib will require your application to be GPL 
too, since you'll need to link against your GPL version of libavcodec.

3. INSTALLATION

The library depends on the JThread and JRTPLIB libraries, which can be
found at the following sites:
http://research.edm.uhasselt.be/jori/jthread/jthread.html
http://research.edm.uhasselt.be/jori/jrtplib/jrtplib.html

3.1 GNU/Linux

Use the configure script and make to build the library. Run the configure
script with option '--help' to see which options can be specified.

3.2 Win32/WinCE

Project files for MS Visual Studio 8 are included in the library archive.
Take a look at the file 'mipconfig_win.h' to enable or disable components.
You may have to tune the project settings to make sure the right locations
of other include files are set.

If you want to compile the Qt component, you'll need to generate the
file mipqtoutput.moc manually. To do this, go to the subdirectory
src/components/output and run the command
moc -o mipqtoutput.moc mipqtoutput.cpp

4. CONTACT

The library home page can be found at the following location:
http://research.edm.uhasselt.be/emiplib/

There is a mailing list available for EMIPLIB. To subscribe to it, just 
send an e-mail with the text subscribe emiplib as the message body (not 
the  subject!) to majordomo@edm.uhasselt.be and you'll receive additional 
instructions.

